https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/solve-me-first/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/simple-array-sum/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/compare-the-triplets/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/a-very-big-sum/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/diagonal-difference/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/plus-minus/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/staircase/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mini-max-sum/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/birthday-cake-candles/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/time-conversion/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/grading/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/apple-and-orange/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/kangaroo/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/between-two-sets/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/breaking-best-and-worst-records/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-birthday-bar/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/divisible-sum-pairs/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/migratory-birds/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/day-of-the-programmer/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bon-appetit/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sock-merchant/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/drawing-book/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/counting-valleys/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/electronics-shop/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/cats-and-a-mouse/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/magic-square-forming/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/picking-numbers/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/climbing-the-leaderboard/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-hurdle-race/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/designer-pdf-viewer/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/utopian-tree/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/angry-professor/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/beautiful-days-at-the-movies/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/strange-advertising/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/save-the-prisoner/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/circular-array-rotation/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/permutation-equation/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/jumping-on-the-clouds-revisited/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/find-digits/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/extra-long-factorials/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/append-and-delete/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-squares/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/library-fine/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/cut-the-sticks/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/non-divisible-subset/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/repeated-string/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/jumping-on-the-clouds/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/equality-in-a-array/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/queens-attack-2/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/acm-icpc-team/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/taum-and-bday/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/organizing-containers-of-balls/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/encryption/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bigger-is-greater/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/kaprekar-numbers/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/beautiful-triplets/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/minimum-distances/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/halloween-sale/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-time-in-words/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/chocolate-feast/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/service-lane/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/lisa-workbook/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/flatland-space-stations/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/fair-rations/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/cavity-map/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/manasa-and-stones/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-grid-search/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/happy-ladybugs/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/strange-code/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/3d-surface-area/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/absolute-permutation/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bomber-man/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/two-pluses/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/larrys-array/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/almost-sorted/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/matrix-rotation-algo/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/big-sorting/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/reduced-string/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/tutorial-intro/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/camelcase/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/insertionsort1/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/strong-password/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/two-characters/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/insertionsort2/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/correctness-invariant/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/caesar-cipher-1/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mars-exploration/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/runningtime/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/hackerrank-in-a-string/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/quicksort1/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/pangrams/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/weighted-uniform-string/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/separate-the-numbers/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/funny-string/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/countingsort1/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/countingsort2/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/gem-stones/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/alternating-characters/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/countingsort4/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/beautiful-binary-string/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/closest-numbers/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-love-letter-mystery/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/find-the-median/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/determining-dna-health/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/insertion-sort/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/palindrome-index/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/fraudulent-activity-notifications/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/anagram/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/making-anagrams/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/lilys-homework/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/game-of-thrones/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/two-strings/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/string-construction/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-valid-string/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/richie-rich/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/maximum-palindromes/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-anagrams/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/common-child/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bear-and-steady-gene/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/morgan-and-a-string/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/count-strings/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/string-function-calculation/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/challenging-palindromes/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/build-a-string/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/gridland-provinces/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/cards-permutation/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ashton-and-string/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/string-similarity/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/super-functional-strings/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/circular-palindromes/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/similar-strings/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/save-humanity/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/find-strings/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/palindromic-border/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/two-two/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/two-strings-game/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/letter-islands/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/pseudo-isomorphic-substrings/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/how-many-substrings/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/hackerland-radio-transmitters/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/gridland-metro/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/icecream-parlor/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/knightl-on-chessboard/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/minimum-loss/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/missing-numbers/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/pairs/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-array/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/maximum-subarray-sum/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/connected-cell-in-a-grid/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/short-palindrome/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/maximizing-mission-points/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/count-luck/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/cut-the-tree/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/making-candies/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/gena/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/xor-quadruples/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/red-knights-shortest-path/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bike-racers/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/task-scheduling/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/similarpair/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/playing-with-numbers/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/almost-integer-rock-garden/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sorted-subsegments/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/distant-pairs/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/king-richards-knights/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/frog-in-maze/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/torque-and-development/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/journey-to-the-moon/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/synchronous-shopping/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/subset-component/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bfsshortreach/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/kruskalmstrsub/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/even-tree/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-quickest-way-up/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/dijkstrashortreach/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-story-of-a-tree/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/primsmstsub/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/toll-cost-digits/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/real-estate-broker/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/clique/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/beautiful-path/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/borrowing-money/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/value-of-friendship/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/coprime-paths/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/minimum-mst-graph/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/jack-goes-to-rapture/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/crab-graphs/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/beadornaments/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/jeanies-route/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/floyd-city-of-blinding-lights/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/johnland/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/kingdom-connectivity/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/computer-game/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/rust-murderer/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/problem-solving/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/journey-scheduling/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/matrix/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/episode-recording/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/repair-roads/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/kth-ancestor/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bytelandian-tours/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/shortest-path/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/savita-and-friends/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/liars/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/jumping-rooks/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/tripartite-matching/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/tree-flow/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/dag-queries/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/favourite-sequence/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/cat-jogging/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/quadrant-queries/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/hacker-country/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/missile-defend/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/huarongdao/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/training-the-army/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/jim-and-his-lan-party/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/travel-in-hackerland/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/alex-vs-fedor/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/vertical-paths/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/drive/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/tsp-grid/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/road-network/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/going-office/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/tree-splitting/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ticket/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/dfs-edges/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/diameter-minimization/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/airports/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/definite-random-walks/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/minimum-absolute-difference-in-an-array/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/marcs-cakewalk/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/grid-challenge/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/luck-balance/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/maximum-perimeter-triangle/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/beautiful-pairs/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/candies/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-the-beast/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/priyanka-and-toys/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/largest-permutation/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mark-and-toys/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/greedy-florist/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/angry-children/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/jim-and-the-orders/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/two-arrays/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/board-cutting/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/reverse-shuffle-merge/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/pylons/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/cloudy-day/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/chief-hopper/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-minimax/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/accessory-collection/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/team-formation/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/fighting-pits/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/lena-sort/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/coin-change/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/equal/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/flipping-the-matrix/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlock-and-cost/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/an-interesting-game-1/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/new-year-chaos/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/construct-the-array/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bonetrousle/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/kingdom-division/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/kmp-problem/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sam-and-substrings/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/beautiful-3-set/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/fibonacci-modified/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/inverse-rmq/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/abbr/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/two-subarrays/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/prime-xor/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/lovely-triplets/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/array-construction/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/decibinary-numbers/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/fair-cut/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/maxsubarray/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/angry-children-2/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sherlocks-array-merging-algorithm/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/prime-digit-sums/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/hr-city/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/summing-pieces/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mr-k-marsh/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/substring-diff/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/xor-and-sum/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/lego-blocks/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/brick-tiling/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/alien-languages/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/stockmax/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/two-robots/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/cuttree/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/taras-beautiful-permutations/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/wet-shark-and-two-subsequences/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/array-splitting/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/choosing-white-balls/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mandragora/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/red-john-is-back/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/tutzki-and-lcs/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/grid-walking/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/matrix-land/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/unbounded-knapsack/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/play-game/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/longest-increasing-subsequent/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/coin-on-the-table/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/dynamic-programming-classics-the-longest-common-subsequence/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/strplay/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/black-n-white-tree-1/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/counting-special-sub-cubes/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/interval-selection/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/string-reduction/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/far-vertices/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/counting-road-networks/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/superman-celebrates-diwali/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/hexagonal-grid/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/queens-on-board/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/shashank-and-palindromic-strings/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/points-in-a-plane/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/turn-off-the-lights/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/animal-transport/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-indian-job/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/requirement/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/a-super-hero/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/clues-on-a-binary-path/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/road-maintenance/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/billboards/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/beautiful-string/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/covering-the-stains/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/gcd-matrix/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/fairy-chess/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/suffix-rotation/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/newyear-present/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/travel-around-the-world/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/longest-palindromic-subsequence/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/candles-2/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/hyper-strings/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/swappermutation/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/extremum-permutations/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/square-subsequences/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/dorsey-thief/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/mining/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/police-operation/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/zurikela/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/modify-the-sequence/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/longest-mod-path/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/p-sequences/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/robot/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/lucky-numbers/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/unfair-game/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/oil-well/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/find-the-seed/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-blacklist/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/tree-pruning/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/ones-and-twos/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/count-scorecards/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/vim-war/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/best-spot/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/divisible-numbers/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/unique-divide-and-conquer/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/happy-king/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/dortmund-dilemma/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/super-kth-lis/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/count-ways-1/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/hard-drive-disks/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/separate-the-chocolate/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/lonely-integer/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/maximizing-xor/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/counter-game/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/xor-se/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sum-vs-xor/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-great-xor/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/flipping-bits/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/yet-another-minimax-problem/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sansa-and-xor/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/and-product/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/winning-lottery-ticket/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/xoring-ninja/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/cipher/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/xor-matrix/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/whats-next/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/string-transmission/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/aorb/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/manipulative-numbers/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/stonegame/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/2s-complement/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/changing-bits/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/xor-key/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/maximizing-the-function/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/xor-subsequence/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/iterate-it/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/hamming-distance/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/pmix/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-power-sum/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/crossword-puzzle/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/recursive-digit-sum/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/simplified-chess-engine/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/password-cracker/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/arithmetic-expressions/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/stone-division-2/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/k-factorization/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bowling-pins/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/simplified-chess-engine-ii/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/repeat-k-sums/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/game-of-stones-1/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/tower-breakers-1/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/a-chessboard-game-1/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/nim-game-1/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/misere-nim-1/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/nimble-game-1/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/alice-and-bobs-silly-game/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/poker-nim-1/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/tower-breakers-revisited-1/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/tower-breakers-again-1/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/zero-move-nim/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/chessboard-game-again-1/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/digits-square-board-1/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/fun-game-1/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/stone-division/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/chocolate-in-box/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/kitty-and-katty/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/powers-game-1/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/deforestation-1/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/bob-and-ben/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/tower-breakers-the-final-battle-1/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/simple-game/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/permutation-game/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/move-the-coins/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/benders-play/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/newyear-game/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/stone-piles/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/chocolate-game/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/the-prime-game/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/vertical-rooks/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/half/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/taste-of-win/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/walking-the-approximate-longest-path/problem  --  hard
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/sams-puzzle/problem  --  advanced
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/spies-revised/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/tbsp/problem  --  expert
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/prime-date/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/minimum-operations/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/strings-xor/problem  --  easy
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/zig-zag-sequence/problem  --  medium
https://www.hackerrank.com/challenges/smart-number/problem  --  easy
